Customizable per-message avatar (#2943)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: samples/05.custom-components/k.per-message-avatar/README.md

> # Sample - Customize per-message avatar

Reviewer: Need to update and/or delete the original avatar img/initials samples

Author: Original sample is unrelated to the new change.

If devs are not customizing the avatar, they should still refer to this sample. If devs customizing avatar, they still need to refer to the original sample if they are adding the overlay.

Adding original sample to Further Reading section.

+ };

  window.ReactDOM.render(
    <ReactWebChat directLine={window.WebChat.createDirectLine({ token })} />,
    document.getElementById('webchat')
  );
```

Then, add the stylesheet for the online status icon:

```css
.app__avatarWithOnlineStatus {
   display: flex;
   position: relative;
}

.app__avatarWithOnlineStatus .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status {
   background-color: White;
   border-radius: 50%;
   border: solid 2px White;
   bottom: -2px;
   height: 10px;
   position: absolute;
   right: -2px;
   transition: background-color 200ms;
   width: 10px;
}

.app__avatarWithOnlineStatus .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status.app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status--online {
   background-color: #090;
}

.app__avatarWithOnlineStatus .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status.app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status--busy {
   background-color: Red;
}
```

### Create an avatar middleware

Then, creates an avatar middleware that will render `<AvatarWithOnlineStatus>` on top of the original avatar.

`avatarMiddleware` should only return a function or `false`. If the avatar is hidden, it should return `false`. Otherwise, it should return a function, which when called, will render the avatar.

> In the following sample, `renderAvatar` is the original avatar of type `false | () => React.Element`. If the avatar should not be showed, `renderAvatar` will be `false` and the middleware return it. Otherwise, `renderAvatar` will be `() => React.Element`. The middleware will return `<AvatarWithOnlineStatus>` with the result of calling `renderAvatar()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following sample, `renderAvatar` is the original avatar of type `false | () => React.Element`. If the avatar should not be shown, `renderAvatar` will be `false` and the middleware return it. Otherwise, `renderAvatar` will be: `() => React.Element`. The middleware will return `<AvatarWithOnlineStatus>` with the result of calling `renderAvatar()`.
```

    document.getElementById('webchat')
  );
```

Also, update the stylesheet with RTL awareness. In RTL mode, the online status icon will be shown on the bottom-left hand corner.

```diff
  .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status {
    background-color: White;
    border-radius: 50%;
    border: solid 2px White;
    bottom: -2px;
    height: 10px;
    position: absolute;
-   right: -2px;
    transition: background-color 200ms;
    width: 10px;
  }

+ .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus:not(.app__avatarWithOnlineStatus--rtl) .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status {
+   right: -2px;
+ }
+
+ .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus.app__avatarWithOnlineStatus--rtl .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status {
+   left: -2px;
+ }

  .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status.app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status--online {
    background-color: #090;
  }

  .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus .app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status.app__avatarWithOnlineStatus__status--busy {
    background-color: Red;
  }
```

### Use a portrait avatar

The second part of this sample will show how to customize the avatar using a rectangular image.

> First, add a `<PortraitAvatar>` component, which house the rectangular avatar image. This component will show different avatar image for bot and user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, add a `<PortraitAvatar>` component, which houses the rectangular avatar image. This component will show different avatar images for bot and user.
```
